steer for a moment I have a story and
may find interesting a caravan that was
bone for the Eastern Kingdoms passed
through here some time ago it was
supposedly carrying a piece of the
heavens that had followed to health the
caravan was ambushed by quilt riders
just north of here along the roadway
assets the records for this skyrock but
it was nowhere to be found if you should
find it I believe it I can fashion
something useful from it
this must be what Griswold wanted
let me see that hi I it is as I believed
give me a moment ah here you are I
arranged pieces of the stone within a
silver ring that my father left me
uh-huh hope it serves you well
hello my friend stay awhile and listen
you